[W-11940889] Update list of restricted keywords (#242)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/anypoint-custom-metrics-connector.adoc

* Reduce the time range of the custom metric chart, for example, create a daily or weekly chart instead of a monthly or yearly chart 
* Reduce the refresh frequency, for example, refresh hourly instead of every minute.

> === Refrain from Using Restricted Keywords
> 
> The database we use to store the metrics has the following keywords restricted. They cannot be use as "dimensionName" or "factName" while using custom metric connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Restricted Keywords

Due to internal database restrictions, you cannot use the following keywords to define `dimensionName` or `factName` while using the Anypoint Custom Metrics connector:
```

* ALL
* ALTER
* ANALYZE
* ANY
* AS
* ASC
* BEGIN
* BY
* CREATE
* CONTINUOUS
* DATABASE
* DATABASES
* DEFAULT
* DELETE
* DESC

> * DESTINATIONS
> * DIAGNOSTICS
> * DISTINCT
> * DROP
> * DURATION
> * END
> * EVERY
> * EXPLAIN
> * FIELD
> * FOR
> * FROM
> * GRANT
> * GRANTS
> * GROUP
> * GROUPS
> * IN
> * INF
> * INSERT
> * INTO
> * KEY
> * KEYS
> * KILL
> * LIMIT
> * SHOW
> * MEASUREMENT
> * MEASUREMENTS
> * NAME
> * OFFSET
> * ON
> * ORDER
> * PASSWORD
> * POLICY
> * POLICIES
> * PRIVILEGES
> * QUERIES
> * QUERY
> * READ
> * REPLICATION
> * RESAMPLE
> * RETENTION
> * REVOKE
> * SELECT
> * SERIES
> * SET
> * SHARD
> * SHARDS
> * SLIMIT
> * SOFFSET
> * STATS
> * SUBSCRIPTION
> * SUBSCRIPTIONS
> * TAG
> * TO
> * USER
> * USERS
> * VALUES
> * WHERE
> * WITH
> * WRITE
> * TIME

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ALL`
* `ALTER`
* `ANALYZE`
* `ANY`
* `AS`
* `ASC`
* `BEGIN`
* `BY`
* `CREATE`
* `CONTINUOUS`
* `DATABASE`
* `DATABASES`
* `DEFAULT`
* `DELETE`
* `DESC`
* `DESTINATIONS`
* `DIAGNOSTICS`
* `DISTINCT`
* `DROP`
* `DURATION`
* `END`
* `EVERY`
* `EXPLAIN`
* `FIELD`
* `FOR`
* `FROM`
* `GRANT`
* `GRANTS`
* `GROUP`
* `GROUPS`
* `IN`
* `INF`
* `INSERT`
* `INTO`
* `KEY`
* `KEYS`
* `KILL`
* `LIMIT`
* `SHOW`
* `MEASUREMENT`
* `MEASUREMENTS`
* `NAME`
* `OFFSET`
* `ON`
* `ORDER`
* `PASSWORD`
* `POLICY`
* `POLICIES`
* `PRIVILEGES`
* `QUERIES`
* `QUERY`
* `READ`
* `REPLICATION`
* `RESAMPLE`
* `RETENTION`
* `REVOKE`
* `SELECT`
* `SERIES`
* `SET`
* `SHARD`
* `SHARDS`
* `SLIMIT`
* `SOFFSET`
* `STATS`
* `SUBSCRIPTION`
* `SUBSCRIPTIONS`
* `TAG`
* `TO`
* `USER`
* `USERS`
* `VALUES`
* `WHERE`
* `WITH`
* `WRITE`
* `TIME`
```
